Vehicle color recognition plays an important role in intelligent traffic management and criminal investigation assistance. However, the current research on vehicle color recognition involves at most 13 types of colors and the recognition accuracy is insufficient to satisfy practical applications. In view of this, this paper sets up a benchmark dataset(Vehicle Color-24) that includes 24 types of vehicle colors, including 10091 vehicle pictures taken from urban road surveillance videos of 100 hours. In addition, in order to solve the problem of long tail distribution in Vehicle Color-24 dataset and low recognition rate of existing methods, this paper proposes a Smooth Modulated Neural Network with Multi-layer Feature Representation(SMNN-MFR) for 24 types of vehicle color recognition. SMNN-MFR includes four parts: feature extraction, multi-scale feature fusion, suggestion frame generation and smooth modulation. The model is trained and verified on the Vehicle Color-24 benchmark dataset. And comprehensive experiments show that the average recognition accuracy of the algorithm in the 24 categories of color benchmark databases is 94.96%, which is 33.47% higher than the Faster RCNN network. In addition, the average accuracy rate of the model in recognizing 8 types of colors is 97.25%, and the detection accuracy of algorithm is higher than that of similar databases. At the same time, visualization and ablation experiments also proved the rationality of our network settings and the effectiveness of each module. The code and database are published at: https://github.com/mendy-2013.

